Add saleschannelid field and note (#851)
shopware/docs: guides/plugins/plugins/plugin-fundamentals/use-plugin-configuration.md

    ...
    public function onProductsLoaded(EntityLoadedEvent $event): void
    {
        $exampleConfig = $this->systemConfigService->get('SwagBasicExample.config.example', $salesChannelId);
    }
}
```

{% endcode %}

{% hint style="info" %}

> Set the `saleschannelId` to `null` for the plugin to be accessible by all Sales Channels else set to the corresponding Sales Channel ID.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `saleschannelId` to `null` for the plugin configuration to be used by all Sales Channels else set to the corresponding Sales Channel ID.
```
